commit initial b3 doc (#1030)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/partner-apps/bundleb2b/b2b-edition.md

# The B2B Edition of BigCommerce

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### On this page
```

> - [B3 integration with BigCommerce](#b3-integration-with-bigcommerce)

Reviewer 2: Do we have an okay from Fiona on referring to Bundle B2B as B3?

Author: That is the term used in the launch deck, but I am confirming with her.

Author: @uwikaiddi, ok, "B3" is fine by her

- [Customizing B3](#customizing-b3)
- [Overwriting and injecting JavaScript](#overwriting-and-injecting-javascript)
- [B3 REST API](#b3-rest-api)
- [Resources](#resources)

BundleB2B (B3) adds business-to-business (B2B) functionality to the BigCommerce platform, allowing businesses to easily facilitate B2B operations online. B3 provides a comprehensive suite of key B2B features to improve the B2B self-service experience for BigCommerce store owners and their customers.

> The B2B Edition of BigCommerce is a bundled offering of the BigCommerce Enterprise solution, B3, and six BigCommerce themes with B3 preinstalled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The B2B Edition of BigCommerce is a bundled offering of the BigCommerce Enterprise solution, B3, and six BigCommerce themes optimized for B3.
```

> Some of the enhancements to your BigCommerce store that B3 offers include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B3 offers multiple enhancements to your BigCommerce store, including:
```

- Corporate account management
- Sales representative masquerade
- Shared shopping lists
- Payment method visibility control
- Company address book management
- Sales representative quoting
- Buy again
- Trade professional application

## B3 integration with BigCommerce

> B3 is preinstalled if you purchase the B2B Edition of BigCommerce. If B3 is purchased as a separate product for an existing BigCommerce plan, the B3 app is installed from the BigCommerce App Marketplace and must be manually integrated with your BigCommerce theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B3 comes pre-installed with your theme if you purchase the B2B Edition of BigCommerce. If B3 is purchased as a separate product for an existing BigCommerce plan, the B3 app is installed from the BigCommerce App Marketplace and must be manually integrated with your BigCommerce theme.
```

> B3 comes pre-installed with your theme if you purchase the B2B Edition of BigCommerce. If B3 is purchased as a separate product for an existing BigCommerce plan, the B3 app is installed from the BigCommerce App Marketplace and must be manually integrated with your BigCommerce theme.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
B3 comes pre-installed with your theme if you purchase the B2B Edition of BigCommerce. If you purchased B3 separately for an existing BigCommerce plan, you can install the B3 app from the BigCommerce App Marketplace and manually integrate it with your BigCommerce theme.
```

> The B3 admin panel is seamlessly loaded as an iFrame accessible from the My Apps section of your Store Dashboard. The client-facing portions of the app are loaded dynamically with JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The B3 admin panel is seamlessly loaded as an iFrame accessible from the My Apps section of your store's dashboard. The client-facing portions of the app are loaded dynamically with JavaScript.
```

## Customizing B3

> With B3, you can customize the placement of B3 app elements, customize display text, customize styling, and customize checkout configurations. You also have access to the lifecycle methods for many B3 modules to inject your own JavaScript functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With B3, you can customize the placement of B3 app elements, display text, styling, and checkout configurations. You also have access to the lifecycle methods for many B3 modules to inject your own JavaScript functions.
```

Additionally, you can use the B3 REST API to create, read, update, and delete items such as orders, companies, addresses, payments, sales reps, and users. This API allows you to build your own services or integrate B3 with third-party business tools such as Salesforce.

### Prerequisites for customizing B3

- [Stencil CLI](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/installing-stencil)
- [Node.js 12 and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/download/releases/)

> - [Stencil API token](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Store-API-Accounts#creating) to push BigCommerce theme via Stencil CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stencil API token](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Store-API-Accounts#creating) to push BigCommerce theme using Stencil CLI
```

- A code editor

> - Access to your BigCommerce Store Dashboard with Store Owner permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to your BigCommerce store dashboard with Store Owner permissions
```

> ### Customize page containers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Customizing page containers
```

> B3 renders client-facing pages and elements by mounting fixed containers to your BigCommerce theme using JavaScript. You can change the placement of select B3 elements by using `window.b3themeConfig.useContainers = {}` to specify which DOM node B3 mounts the container on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B3 renders client-facing pages and elements by mounting fixed containers to BigCommerce themes using JavaScript. You can change the placement of select B3 elements by using `window.b3themeConfig.useContainers = {}` to specify which DOM node B3 mounts the container on.
```

> To specify which DOM node a B3 container mounts on, insert `window.b3themeConfig.useContainers = {}` into your theme's `assets/js/global.js` file. Within `window.b3themeConfig.useContainers = {}`, create a property that uses the name of the B3 container as the key and the selector for the theme element it will mount on as the value. When done, the object will resemble the following:

Reviewer 2: Break these up into numbered steps

```jsx
window.b3themeConfig.useContainers = {
 /* B3 will append the dashboard container to the first returned DOM node with a class of "page" that is a descendant of an element with the class of "container" */
	'dashboard.container': '.container .page',
}
```

For a list of B3 container names and their default placements, see the [BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/containers.html).

> ### Customize styles

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Customizing styles
```

You can customize the styling of many B3 elements using CSS.

> To modify the styling of a B3 module, first, insert `window.b3themeConfig.useStyles = {}` into your theme's `assets/js/global.js` file. Within `window.b3themeConfig.useStyles = {}`, create a property that uses the B3 element name as the key and one or more comma-separated CSS declarations as the value.

Reviewer 2: Break these up into numbered steps

> Since the CSS is written in a JavaScript object, properties with two names, like `background-color`, must be written with camel case syntax: `backgroundColor: "lightblue"`

Reviewer 2: Structure as a callout

When done, the object will resemble the following:

```jsx
window.b3themeConfig.useStyles = {
/* B3 will use the specified styles for the "Trade Partner Application" button that is appended to the secondary navigation menu */
      'tpa.entryButton': {
        fontFamily: 'Karla,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif',
        fontSize: '1rem',
        listStyle: 'none',
        boxSizing: 'border-box',
        lineHeight: 'inherit',
        transition: 'color .15s ease',
        display: 'block',
        color: '#333',
        fontWeight: 700,
        padding: '1rem .78571rem',
        textDecoration: 'none',
        textTransform: 'uppercase',
      },
    };
```

For diagrams of B3 element names and their placements, see the [BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/containers.html).

> ### Customize display text

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Customizing display text
```

B3 allows you to customize display text for many of the application's elements, such as buttons, headers, and labels.

> To overwrite the default text that B3 renders, insert `window.b3themeConfig.useText = {}` into your theme's `assets/js/global.js` file. Within `window.b3themeConfig.useText = {}`, create a property for each element you would like to overwrite using B3 element names as keys and strings containing the new display text as values.

Reviewer 2: Break these up into numbered steps

When done, the object will resemble the following:

```jsx
window.b3themeConfig.useText = {
/* B3 will now use the call to action "Place Quick Order" instead of the default "Quick Order Pad" for the button that is appended to the secondary navigation menu */
 'nav.button.quickOrderPad': 'Place Quick Order',
}
```

For B3 element names and default text values, see the [BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/text.html).

## Overwriting and injecting JavaScript

B3 has lifecycle methods for many modules that allow you to inject custom JavaScript functions at different times during page render. Each supported module has the following four global keys:

```jsx
overwrite: false,
callback() {},
beforeMount() {},

> mounted() {},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mounted() {}
```

Reviewer: Do we need a comma after the last key?

Author: @ektravel It is not necessary, I included it because it was in the B3 documentation. They're supported in objects since ES5, but not JSON since it is based on pre-ES5 JS. I was curious what best practices are, so I looked it up. Some reasons one might use them are

> If you want to add a new property, you can add a new line without modifying the previously last line if that line already uses a trailing comma. This makes version-control diffs cleaner and editing code might be less troublesome.

```

- `overwrite` is a `boolean` that specifies whether to overwrite B3 functions for that module. Default is `false`.
- `callback()` is a `function` that will call all enclosed functions regardless of the value of `overwrite` after all other B3 code has run. Default is `noop`.
- `beforeMount()` is a `function` that calls all enclosed functions before the module renders. Default is `noop`.
- `mounted()` is a `function` that calls all enclosed functions after the module has rendered. Default is `noop`.

> To overwrite and/or inject custom functions for a supported B3 module, insert `window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {}` into your theme's `assets/js/global.js` file. Within `window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {}`, create a property for each of the modules you'd like to customize that uses the module name as the key and the four global keys above as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To overwrite and/or inject custom functions for a supported B3 module, insert `window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {}` into your theme's `assets/js/global.js` file. Within `window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {}`, create a property for each of the modules you'd like to customize that uses the module name as the key and aforementioned global keys as the value.
```

> To overwrite and/or inject custom functions for a supported B3 module, insert `window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {}` into your theme's `assets/js/global.js` file. Within `window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {}`, create a property for each of the modules you'd like to customize that uses the module name as the key and the aforementioned global keys as the value.

Reviewer 2: Break these up into numbered steps

When done, your object will resemble the following example that demonstrates the call stack of each function:

```jsx
window.b3themeConfig.useJavaScript = {
 quickorderpad: {
        overwrite: false,
        callback() {
          console.trace("quickorderpad.callback() runs after all other quickorderpad functions")
        },
        beforeMount() {
     console.trace("quickorderpad.beforeMount() runs before quickorderpad mounts")        
},
        mounted() {
          console.trace("quickorderpad.mounted() runs after quickorderpad mounts");
}
```

The output to the browser console of the above example is the following:

![B3 console log output](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/B3-console.png)

For a full list of available modules, see the [BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/js.html).

## B3 REST API

You can find instructions on how to get your B3 authentication token on the [BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/api-call.html) page.

> For the complete list of API endpoints, please see [B3 Open API (v2) specifications](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/openapi/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete list of API endpoints, see [B3 Open API (v2) specifications](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/openapi/).
```

> ## Resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Additional BundleB2B resources
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can get rid of all the "- BundleB2B Developer Guide" mentions to prevent redundancy

- [Quick start - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/quick-start.html)
- [BundleB2B Open API (v2)](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/openapi/)
- [RESTful APIs call - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/api-call.html)

> - [Customizing Display Text - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/text.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Customize display text - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/text.html)
```

> - [Customizing Display Text - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/text.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Customize display text - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/text.html)
```

> - [Customizing page containers - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/containers.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Customize page containers - BundleB2B Developer Guide](https://developer.bundleb2b.net/storefront/containers.html)
```
